                                                                        PAGE REA4
                     
                      D DIRECTORY
                      A new feature that prompts for a device name. EXAMPLE: DSK1.
                      The period MUST be included if the full device name is used.
                      Or type in a path name EXAMPLE: WDS1.DIRECTORY. The quicker way
                      is to just type a number or letter then enter. Thus DSK#. is
                      used and the key pressed represents the # used. While the
                      catalog is being scrolled on screen, ANY KEY will pause the
                      display and reading of a disk, an arrow will appear next to the
                      file read and the ARROW KEYS will move the arrow up or down.
                      (FCNT/CTRL optional). To page forward or backward a screen at
                      a time press left and right arrow keys. The arrow last pointing
                      to will stay at the top or bottom of the screen display. This
                      in much better than other paging methods like DM1000 or Funnel
                      Web Disk review to see single lines.
 
                      ONLY the SPACE BAR will pause the catalog until pressed again.

                      2015 added new keys to Directory: 1 = Editor.
                                                   A or a = Assembler file.
                                                   G or g = GPL Assembler file.

                      Use ENTER to select the filename so it will be placed into into
                      a buffer, the cataloger will auto-load Dis/Fix 80 files into
                      the EA3 menu, Programs will be EA5, and only Dis/Var 254 is
                      considered to be XB programs. So to load XB programs use the
                      SPACE BAR to buffer the filename, thus loading is automatic
                      from there for XB programs. For DIS/VAR 80 or DIS/FIX 80 files
                      to be edited or assembled use ENTER or SPACE BAR, then select
                      the Edit or Assembler from the main menu. Loading is automatic
                      from there.

                      Directory will automatically assume you wish to catalog a
                      sub-directory if a Directory was selected. To buffer anything
                      else you must use the SPACE BAR, to select a filename to be
                      placed into a buffer, then auto return to REA main menu. Now
                      select the option to be used from this buffer.

                      If you select D DIRECTORY again, the buffer will be used and the
                      last device accessed will be used again. If you wish to clear
                      the buffer just use FCTN BACK to the REA main menu.

                      NOTE:
                      SOURCE file name must be filled in as this is the default. But
                      if you use DIRECTORY to flag a file it will be placed into
                      S SET PATH NAMES for all uses.

                      . R X B
                      A previous feature that was optional since version 1000 but had
                      no menu option on screen indicating it was a option. (Period) .
                      will return to RXB menu screen.
